[docs] Add Clerk and overview pages under authentication integration category (#41741)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-clerk.mdx

---
title: Using Clerk
description: Learn how to integrate Clerk authentication in your Expo and React Native projects.
---

import { BookOpen02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/BookOpen02Icon';

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) is a full stack authentication and user management platform that helps you add sign-up, sign-in, and account management without building your own auth backend. It supports multiple authentication strategies, session management, and organizations for multi-tenant apps.

Reviewer: We used "sign up" and "sign in" in the other page. Which one is correct? Whichever it is, I think we should use the same format in both. Maybe it can even be a vale rule.

For Expo and React Native projects, Clerk provides hooks, UI, and control components so you can build custom authentication screens. Pair it with `expo-secure-store` to keep session tokens encrypted on device, and configure your projects's providers and policies in the Clerk's dashboard.

> **Note:** Clerk's [prebuilt UI components](https://clerk.com/docs/expo/reference/components/overview) are available for web. For native platforms, Clerk recommends building custom flows.

## Features

> - **Authentication flows:** Email and password sign-up/sign-in and other strategies like social providers.

Reviewer: I think we could list all known strategies?

```suggestion
- **Authentication flows:** Sign-up and sign-in with email verification code, magic links, passwords, social providers (20+), passkeys, phone number verification, SAML, OpenID Connect, Web3 (MetaMask), and authenticator apps for multi-factor authentication.
```
